fix sentences (#2039)
exercism/java: exercises/concept/squeaky-clean/.docs/instructions.md

In this exercise you will implement a partial set of utility routines to help a developer
clean up SqueakyClean names.

> In the 4 tasks you will gradually build up the routine `clean` A valid SqueakyClean name comprises of
> zero or more letters and underscores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the 4 tasks you will gradually build up the `clean` method.
A valid SqueakyClean name is comprised of zero or more letters and underscores.
```
